URL: https://nodejs.org/learn/getting-started/userland-migrations
TITULO: Introduction to Userland Migrations

Userland Migrations
Node.js offers migrations for "userland" code (anything outside the node executable) to help adopt new features and handle breaking changes. These are built in collaboration with
Codemod
, a platform focused on making it easy to build, share, and run codemods.
Official migrations are published under the
@nodejs
scope within the
Codemod registry
. These have been reviewed and/or authored by Node.js members.
Goal
The Node.js Userland Migrations team seeks to help developers migrate their codebases to the latest Node.js versions, making it easier to handle deprecations, new features, and breaking changes.
How to use a codemod
To use a codemod, you can run the following command in your terminal:
npx
codemod
<
codemod-nam
e
>
Replace
<codemod-name>
with the name of the codemod you want to run. For example, if you want to run the
@nodejs/import-assertions-to-attributes
codemod on your project, you would run:
npx
codemod
@nodejs/import-assertions-to-attributes
Good Practices
Run migrations in a separate branch
: If you are using a version control system like Git, it is a good practice to run migrations in a separate branch. This allows you to review the changes before merging them into your main branch.
Review changes
: After running a migration, review the changes made to your codebase. Ensure that the migration has not introduced any unintended side effects or issues.
Test your code
: After running a migration, it is important to test your code to ensure that everything is working as expected. Run your test suite and check for any errors or failures
Format and or lint your code
: After running a migration, it is a good practice to format and lint your code. This ensures that your code follows the project's coding standards and is easier to read and maintain.
Understanding Codemods Registry
The
Codemod registry
provides a list of available codemods for Node.js. Some codemods may not be included in the following resources but are still available because they are not related to a specific migration to a Node.js version. Since we only list codemods for End-Of-Life (EOL) deprecations, you may need to explore the registry for other codemods that could be useful for your migrations.
Please note that if you are logged into the Codemod platform, you can like these posts. This helps us to see what users find valuable.
Feedback
If you have any feedback or suggestions for improvements, please open a discussion on the
Node.js Userland Migrations repository
.
Follow the Userland Migrations Progression
You can follow the progress of userland migrations on our
GitHub project board
.
This board tracks:
Codemod kind (deprecation, breaking change, ecosystem)
Node.js version
Status (backlog, todo, in progress, done, not planned)
If you want to contribute, please check the "todo" column
Migrations guides
You can find all migration guides on the
migration guides section
.
Please also note that migration guides for major-major releases only contain end-of-life
deprecations
and breaking changes.